c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.exe.config
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.dll.config
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.Migrations.InitDB.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PlagiarismCheckerPreDev\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run\obj\Debug\Plagiarism.DataLayer.Run.Migrations.AddNewColumnInSubmittedAssignment.resources
